HTML is a static and markup Language

static code can't changed at runtime
markup means tag based <mytag> opening tag 
</mytag> closing 

types-
XML (extensible markup language
HTML (Hypertext Markup Language
YAML(Yet another markup Language

HTML is not a programming language
html is not a case sensitive language
<HTML>
<Html>
<html>

Page Design with HTML

Any Text Editor (UTF-8 and ANSI standard)
Notepad,
Wordpad
Notepad++
BlueFish
Visual Code 
Eclipse
InteliJ IDEA

Create a table with 3 columns: id, name, age. Insert 3 rows with the following data.

Id	Name	Age
124	Adam	29
101	Ria	24
119	Alex	22

Create an HTML page for great learning that should have a header.

You have to include the following:

• Icon of GL
• Sign up button
• Include 2 links: mentor profile and GitLab profile
• Mentor file should direct you to a new HTML page where mentors with their LinkedIn ids are available.
• Gitlab profile link will direct you to the same homepage but in a different tab.
• Please keep the tab name and colors properly.

Problem Statement:
You are a Web developer at BuildYourWeb Inc. You have been assigned the task of creating the home page for ShowOnWheels. The home page should be based on the following guidelines:
It should display the organization logo.
It should display some text describing about the company in paragraphs.
It should also display names of various US cities, where ShowOnWheels is currently operating, in a list. This list should unfold when a user clicks the Currently Operating in text.
It should provide links to other pages, such as About Us, Contact Us, and Upcoming Movies.
It should display the images of latest movies. 
It should display a video clip showing the latest offers.
It should link a style sheet.
It should display the contact number so that users can call to enquire about any upcoming movie.
Prerequisite: You need the ExternalStylesheet, images, and video folders, which contain the style sheet, images, and video clip required for performing this activity. In addition, you need the aboutus.html,
